docs cross-site route #1312 (#1488)
infinispan/infinispan-operator: documentation/asciidoc/topics/con_cross_site_expose_types.adoc

.`LoadBalancer`

A `LoadBalancer` is a service that directs network traffic to the correct node in the {openshiftshort} cluster.

Whether you can use a `LoadBalancer` as the expose type for cross-site replication depends on the host platform.
AWS supports network load balancers (NLB) while some other cloud platforms do not.
To use a `LoadBalancer` service, an administrator must first create an ingress controller backed by an NLB.

.`Route`

> An {openshiftshort} `Route` allows {brandname} clusters to connect with each other through a secure URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An {openshiftshort} `Route` allows {brandname} clusters to connect with each other through a public secure URL.
```

{brandname} uses TLS with the SNI header to send backup requests between clusters through an {openshiftshort} `Route`.

> To do this you must add a keystore so that {brandname} can encrypt RELAY messages.

Reviewer: probably remove `RELAY` since it is an implementation detail from JGroups and not relevant.
```suggestion
To do this you must add a keystore with certificates so that {brandname} can encrypt the traffic with TLS.
```

When you specify `Route` as the expose type for cross-site replication, {ispn_operator} creates a routes with TLS passthrough encryption for each {brandname} cluster that it manages.
You can specify a hostname for the `Route` but you cannot specify a `Route` that you have already created.
ifdef::community[]

> Likewise it is not possible to use Kubernetes ingress instead of a route.

Reviewer: is it worth mentioning that Kubernetes does not support TLS + SNI and that's why it does not work?
